Add measurements toolbox (#97)
BiAPoL/napari-stress: docs/tutorials/point_and_click/demo_analyze_spherical_harmonics_expansion.md

# Analyzing a spherical harmonics expansion

> After approximating a pointcloud with a spherical harmonics expansion, we may want to extract quantitative features (e.g., curvature, surface area, etc.). The stress-code provides a multitude of quantitative features for this purpose, which shall be demonstrated in this document. To get started, create a pointcloud according to the workflow suggestions in this repository or load the sample data from napari-stress (`File > Open Sample > napari-stress: Dropplet pointcloud`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial describes how quantitative features such as curvature, surface area, etc. can be determined after approximating a pointcloud with a spherical harmonics expansion. To get started, create a pointcloud as explained in [this tutorial](../workflows/Surface_to_curvature.md) or load the sample data from the menu `File > Open Sample > napari-stress: Droplet pointcloud`.
```
If the menu still is called "Dropplet", please rename it to "Droplet".

<img src="../../imgs/viewer_screenshots/open_sample_droplet.png" width="45%"> <img src="../../imgs/viewer_screenshots/open_sample_droplet1.png" width="45%">

## Analyze the approximated surface

napari-stress provides a number of quantitative parameters for a spherical harmonics surface expansion. To access these measurements, select the respective plugin from the tools menu (`Tools > Measurement > Surface curvature from points (n-STRESS)`). This plugin performs a spherical harmonics expansion with the parameters described in the [respective tutorial](./demo_spherical_harmonics.md). Additionally, the plugin calculates so-called `quadrature points`, which allow for fast and accurate measurement of surface characteristics. For more information on these points (valid values, etc), check out the [notebook](../demo/demo_analyze_spherical_harmonics.ipynb). 

Make sure to check the `run analysis toolbox` checkbox to proceed to the analysis toolbox:

<img src="./imgs/demo_analyze_spherical_harmonics1.png" width="45%">

> The result is a toolbox plugin showing the histogram of the calculated curvature and the averaged mean curvature:

Reviewer: As mentioned in the code, I don't think it is a good idea to have checkboxes opening another user-interface. There are better ways for implementing this. I'm happy to brainstorm together with you in front of a white-board.
